hey guys today's tasted am starting off
with me blame instant age rewind I love
this stuff I have a couple of spots to
work on from past scarring etc so just
putting that all over my face where I
need it you can tap it into your skin
with your fingers whatever works for you
I just went ahead and grabbed a sigma I
think this is the f-84 and I just kind
of blended it in that way and since it's
the weekend we're not doing much I've
the Garnier skin renew this is their BB
cream it's a bit shiny for me but I
think it's a pretty easy to apply
product the colors nice albeit slightly
dark right now so I'm kind of moving it
down my neck a little bit but just
blending that all over my skin for
something kind of lightweight more
spring you know appropriate I would say
and they did come out with a for oily
skin version so I'm interested to see
how that goes but this one works alright
let that dry a little bit and then tart
this is the clean slate primer for your
eyes putting that all over and it's
clear doesn't provide any pigment by any
means Naked 2 by urban decay using
suspect all over the eyes again super
low key look so I'm just putting that
all over the lid and then turning my
brush sideways to get it into the crease
a little bit as well and then underneath
my lash line taking foxy underneath the
brow bone area and that's really it for
the eyeshadow look definitely very very
simple and the fabula nirsa mine is
running out and when it runs out I just
kind of smudge it in as best i can close
to the lash line and up looking up to
see what tiny little wing I could fit in
underneath that fold in my eye working
on just the general shape and then I'm
going to take a brush and from the Urban
Decay basics palette crate which is like
a dark brown black color and I'm just
kind of smudging it out for a lost harsh
line something a little bit more subtle
i would say true match from l'oreal you
guys know I love this concealer on the
waterline I'm trying that here on my
left eye and I did pick up Rimmel
scandaleyes so I'm trying that one on my
right eye and I'm going to kind of
compare today how they hold
then I curl my eyelashes should be more
eyelash curler and I actually have a new
mascara I'll make it up and grow big
fluffy brush and this gives that nice
definition near the base of your lashes
so you know its darkest at that part and
then the liner is a bit lighter or not
as harsh but it's very fluffy I do like
it on the bottom lashes as well I think
I want to try a few more coats next time
to see how voluminous it can get on the
top frat boy is very peachy pink that's
from the balm i'm using a contour brush
by the volume no wrong bye what is the
name why can't I think Real Techniques
just blending that in all over my cheeks
and using my covergirl and all I
corrector super easy and just not very
fussy so putting that underneath my
eyeballs blending that in not using any
type of concealer anything over adjust
the corrector again very low key and to
get rid of that shine from that BB cream
the dream matte powder Sedona lace 346
or 76 but was that all over my skin to
just kind of bring that down a little
bit and said everything into place but
nothing too heavy or cakey and then from
NARS I haven't used this bronzer in a
while but I have Laguna so I thought I
might as well try it again putting that
anywhere where I think I need it I like
a little bit of a bronzer with peachy
looks so just applying that and then
Revlon this is I want to say peach
parfait has a bit of sparkle in it so
for those of you who don't like that
steer clear but I thought it was really
pretty and simple that's it i hope you
guys enjoyed and I'll talk to you soon
bye